[docs] Update docs with API changes in view managers (#19264)
expo/expo: docs/pages/modules/module-api.mdx

</CodeBlocksTable>
</APIBox>
<APIBox header="ViewManager">
<Callout type="warning">

> **Deprecated**: In order to better integrate with [React Native's new architecture (Fabric)](https://reactnative.dev/architecture/fabric-renderer) and its recycling mechanism, as of SDK47 the `ViewManager` component is deprecated in favor of [`View`](#view) with a view class passed as the first argument. This component will be removed in SDK48.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deprecated**: To better integrate with [React Native's new architecture (Fabric)](https://reactnative.dev/architecture/fabric-renderer) and its recycling mechanism, as of SDK 47 the `ViewManager` component is deprecated in favor of [`View`](#view) with a view class passed as the first argument. This component will be removed in SDK 48.
```

Just a small suggestion.
